# Reference web link-> 
a. https://github.com/embeddedforallefa/embedded_linux_with_yocto
b.https://github.com/Munawar-git/YoctoTutorials/tree/master/00_Yocto_Intro

# step by step procedure
1. After installing Ubuntu 22.04, followed instruction as per the link "https://github.com/Munawar-git/YoctoTutorials/blob/master/00_Yocto_Intro/00-Yocto-Intro.md",
2. In terminal install the vs code using follwoing command-> sudo apt update , sudo apt install snapd , sudo snap install --classic code
3. After execution of "bitbake core-image-full-cmdline ", after 7 hours image file is created in /home/murali/yactotut/sources/tmp/deploy/images/beaglebone-yocto
4. Tried balenaEtcher but it didn't select the image file and shows some error
5. open Disks apps -> erase all the partition in the selected usb memory card reader
6. go to the image directory -> /home/murali/yactotut/sources/tmp/deploy/images/beaglebone-yocto
7. then execute the command  "dd if=core-image-full-cmdline-beaglebone-yocto.wic of=/dev/sde bs=4M"
8. then remove the sd card and bootwith SD card by pressing button s2
9. After 10days of struggle, first time sucessfully booted with yacto
10. install minicom for usb to ttl terminal acess to beablebone black device -> sudo apt install minicom
11. check with usb ttl device using -> sudo dmesg -> for me it shows "ttyACM0"
12. Then enter the command in terminal -> sudo minicom -s -> goto serial port setup device setting /dev/ttyAMC0 & baudrate should be in 115200
13. Then the minicom wait for beaglebone boot  
14. uname -a -> Linux beaglebone-yocto 5.15.150-yocto-standard #1 PREEMPT Mon Mar 11 14:54:41 UTC 2024 armv7l armv7l armv7l GNU/Linux
15. ifconfig -> eth0 is configured automatically and successfully ping www.google.com.


# queries
1. i've booted with Beaglebone mini usb cable, but usb is not configured why?
2. there are two wic files with same file size why? need to check in future.
   a. core-image-full-cmdline-beaglebone-yocto.wic
   b. core-image-full-cmdline-beaglebone-yocto-20250326201604.rootfs.wic


# comparition with debianarm linux with linardo
1. yocto automatically generate mlo,umage,zimage, dtb files by itself with core-image-full-cmdline-beaglebone-yocto.wic
2. And also uEnv.txt is not needed, because this also automatically generaed by the core-image-full-cmdline-beaglebone-yocto.wic
3. yocto login with root access without password but debianarm login with debin username and password as temppwd
   
